Add inline documentation (#90)
nethesis/nethvoice-report: ui/src/doc-inline/en/data_caller_1_table_caller.md

# By Caller

> Data broken down *by Caller* of calls entered into queues
> selected in the set period, the data is grouped according to
> the choice made in the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data broken down *by Caller* of calls entered selected queues in a specific time range grouped according to the chosen filter criteria.
```

- `Caller ID`: phone number of the caller
- `Name`: name associated in the directory with the calling number
- `Company`: company associated with the calling number in the phonebook
- `Queue Number`
- `Queue Name`
- `Total`: total number of calls queued by the caller
- `Answers`: total number of calls answered
- `Failed`: total number of calls queued and closed
from the caller after the set minimum wait
- `Timeout`: total number of calls queued without having
received an answer within the configured maximum waiting time
- `No Agents Out`: total number of calls queued but
subsequently released due to lack of online / available / free agents
- `Exit Menu`: total number of queued calls in which
the caller used the Exit Menu to exit the queue
- `Full`: total number of calls not queued by number
maximum number of calls waiting in queue reached
- `No Agents In`: total number of calls not queued
due to the absence of online / available / free agents
- `Null`: total number of calls queued and closed since
caller before the set minimum wait
- `Maximum, minimum, average wait`
- `Maximum, minimum and average call duration`
- `Minimum, average, maximum position`: when entering the queue

> If no caller has been selected, all data will be shown
> callers, if no queue has been selected, will be shown i
> callers from all available queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no caller has been selected, all caller will be shown.
If no queue has been selected, all queues will be shown.
```
